functionaltests: Copy terraform files at start of each test (#16062)
elastic/apm-server: functionaltests/README.md

The file that each test is in is named after the last minor version in the upgrade chain. For example, if the test name
is `TestUpgrade_7_17_0_to_8_18_0_to_9_0_0_Something`, it should be written in `9_0_test.go`.

> The Terraform files for each test are copied from `terraforms/` at the start of each test, into `tf-<test_name>/` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Terraform files for each test are copied from `_infra/deployment/` at the start of each test, into `tf-<test_name>/` 
```
